config/README.md, before:

Config
======

This dir is used to store `.json` config files. At boot-up time, the server decides which config file to use based on the `NODE_ENV` environment variable. The default value is `"development"`. The entire configuration is available on the server-side and certain keys are also exposed to the client.

If it is necessary to access a `config` value on the client-side, add the property name to the `client.json` file, which is whitelist of config properties that will be exposed to the client.

Server-side and client-side code can retrieve a config value by invoking the `config()` exported function with the desired key name:

```js
var config = require( 'config' );
console.log( config( 'redirect_uri' ) );
```

Feature Flags
-------------

The config files contain a features object that can be used to determine whether to enable a feature for certain environments. This allows us to merge in-progress features without launching them to production. The config module adds two methods to detect this: `config.isEnabled()` and `config.anyEnabled()`. Please make sure to add new feature flags alphabetically so they are easy to find.

```json
{
	"features": {
		"manage/posts": true,
		"reader": true
	}
}
```

If you want to temporarily enable/disable some feature flags for a given build, you can do so by setting the `ENABLE_FEATURES` and/or `DISABLE_FEATURES` environment variables. Set them to a comma separated list of features you want to enable/disable, respectively:

```bash
ENABLE_FEATURES=manage/plugins/compatibility-warning DISABLE_FEATURES=code-splitting,reader make run
```

This will generate the appropriate `client/config/index.js` file. Afterwards, when you run `make run` without setting these variables, `client/config/index.js` will regenerate according to the selected config file - making this method ideal for quickly reviewing PRs or reproducing bugs.

Commit message:

ssr the config
all the configurations

fix tests

circle update

rejiggered a bit

1. got rid of regenerate client in favor of just server/config/index.js spitting out the ssr client config
2. forgot to include the test config file

ssr client config instead of the server config. that way secrets dont get sent to client

also makes it so bundler isn't run on make run.

Update documentation

always make all the bundles.  potential solution

cleaned up client/config/index.js thanks to @dmsnell

remove uncecessary whitespace

Add featureflag check for me/help

Add featureflag check for auth

Add featureflag check for happychat

Framework: Extract config API into its own file to share code between client and server

Testing: Remove unnecessary comment in config tests

Fix Eslint error in signup config flows file

remove lodash template in favor of es6 template literals

removing anyEnabled from config api

CALYPSO_ENV --> config( 'env_id' )

small docs changes thanks @withinboredom

update Dockerfile comment so that doesn't say 1 build per env

move extensions check to individual extension instead of in sections.js so it happens at runtime

Framework: Remove no longer necessary CALYPSO_ENV references

Build: Move env check for extensions to bundler loader

add in filter instead of condition within forEach

let-->const

fixed tabbing

config/README.md, after:

Config
======

This dir is used to store `.json` config files. At boot-up time, the server decides which config file to use based on the `NODE_ENV` environment variable. The default value is `"development"`. The entire configuration is available on the server-side and most keys are also exposed to the client.  The config is sent to the client as part of the initial payload in `server/render/index.js` and `server/pages/index.jade`.

If it is necessary to access a `config` value on the client-side, add the property name to the `client.json` file, which is whitelist of config properties that will be exposed to the client.

Server-side and client-side code can retrieve a config value by invoking the `config()` exported function with the desired key name:

```js
var config = require( 'config' );
console.log( config( 'redirect_uri' ) );
```

Feature Flags
-------------

The config files contain a features object that can be used to determine whether to enable a feature for certain environments. This allows us to merge in-progress features without launching them to production. The config module adds a method to detect this: `config.isEnabled()`. Please make sure to add new feature flags alphabetically so they are easy to find.

```json
{
	"features": {
		"manage/posts": true,
		"reader": true
	}
}
```

If you want to temporarily enable/disable some feature flags for a given build, you can do so by setting the `ENABLE_FEATURES` and/or `DISABLE_FEATURES` environment variables. Set them to a comma separated list of features you want to enable/disable, respectively:

```bash
ENABLE_FEATURES=manage/plugins/compatibility-warning DISABLE_FEATURES=code-splitting,reader make run
```
